Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK
Please enter a command:
The last athlete is:

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

Jongoh Jin for Shooting with event Pistol not found
Please enter a command:

The medal recipient team USA has the medal of 2. SILVER
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team AUS
country:	Australia
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team NED
country:	Netherlands
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team AUS
country:	Australia
color:		RED

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team NED
country:	Netherlands
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED
Please enter a command:

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team KOR
country:	South Korea
color:		RED

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team ITA
country:	Italy
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Aleksander Winokurow
country:	Kazakhstan
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Archery
gender:		M
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Archery
venue:		Lord's Cricket Ground
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Rigoberto Uran
country:	Colombia
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	team USA
country:	United States
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	team NED
country:	Netherlands
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	TEAM
event:		Freestyle
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	team AUS
country:	Australia
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Xuanxu Li
country:	China
color:		RED

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		1. GOLD
athlete:	Shiwen Ye
country:	China
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Swimming
gender:		F
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Medley
venue:		Aquatics Centre
medal:		2. SILVER
athlete:	Elizabeth Beisel
country:	United States
color:		BLACK

discipline:	Cycling
gender:		M
team_or_ind	IND
event:		Road
venue:		Regent's Park
medal:		3. BRONZE
athlete:	Alexander Kristoff
country:	Norway
color:		BLACK
Please enter a command:
